PG-918 Updated enable etcd section (16) (#645)
percona/postgresql-docs: docs/tarball.md

## Procedure

> The steps below install the tarballs for OpenSSL 3.x on x86_64 architecture. Use another tarball if your operating system has OpenSSL version 1.x and / or of has ARM 64 architecture.

Author: ```suggestion
The steps below install the tarballs for OpenSSL 3.x on x86_64 architecture. Use another tarball if your operating system has OpenSSL version 1.x and / or has the ARM64 architecture.
```
